# Elevator Pitch:

Hi, my name is James Perry Hartman. I'm a graduate of Hampshire college with a concentration in ethnomusicology. After working in craft beer retail for almost three years out of college, I decided to enroll in Launch Academy in order to start a career that would provide me with interesting challenges and cool technologies to grapple with. I'm hoping to find a job as a junior full stack web developer so that I can help to shape projects as they develop as a whole. After Launch I'm looking forward to joining with the Boston Code For America chapter so that I can bring my skills to bear to help the community and network with my peers.

When I'm not coding, I enjoy reading novels and comic books, and a group of my friends are starting a company licensing Japanese comic books for distribution in the American market. So that is why for my capstone project at Launch I decided to develop an app that catalogues and displays digital comics. I used React-Dropzone to allow users to upload comic files, stores them on AWS, and displays them to the screen using React-PDF. I used the Goodreads API to let users log in with an omniauth and add comics they have read in their Goodreads shelf. I also implemented a bookmarks features to that users can leave the application and pick up where they left off in the story when they return.

I'm hoping to find a job as a junior full stack web developer so that I can help to shape projects as they develop as a whole. After Launch I'm looking forward to joining with the Boston Code For America chapter so that I can bring my skills to bear to help the community and network with my peers. Again I'm James Perry Hartman, and thanks for your time.

I am planning to build a platform to organize and display digital comic books in pdf form. This is a prototype website for a business venture licensing and distributing Japanese manga that a group of my friends are involved in. In this incarnation, it will let users upload their own works as well as vintage, public domain comics. It will have a library of comics that they can read, comment on, and bookmark. It will allow fullscreen reading and be responsive for mobile viewers.
